# Development README

## typespeed
A typing speed calculator using pure JavaScript

## Key Features
- [ x ] Box 1: Pre-filled text for the user to type
- [ x ] Box 2: Input for user to type
- [ x ] WPM Calculator: Displays current WPM
- [ X ] Timer: When all words are entered, gives typing time for completion.
- [ X ] Words turns red in Box 1 when they are mispelled
- [ X ] Individual characters turn yellow when mistyped (this is replaced by word highlighting if the typist moves on to the next word)
- [ x ] Results: Display on same page below the test: Words Typed, Errors, Number of Mistyped Words, Letter by Letter Accuracy Rating (counts within Words), Words Per Minute, Time to Completion

### Text for tests:


##### Pride and Prejudice

It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of
a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.

However little known the feelings or views of such a man may be on his
first entering a neighbourhood, this truth is so well fixed in the minds of
the surrounding families, that he is considered the rightful property of
some one or other of their daughters.

"My dear Mr. Bennet," said his lady to him one day, "have you heard that
Netherfield Park is let at last?"

Mr. Bennet replied that he had not.

"But it is," returned she; "for Mrs. Long has just =
been here, and she told
me all about it."

Mr. Bennet made no answer.

"Do you not want to know who has taken it?" cried his wife =
impatiently.

"*You* want to tell me, and I have no objection to hearing it."

This was invitation enough.

"Why, my dear, you must know, Mrs. Long says that Netherfield is ta=
ken by a
young man of large fortune from the north of England; that he came down on
Monday in a chaise and four to see the place, and was so much delighted
with it, that he agreed with Mr. Morris immediately; that he is to take
possession before Michaelmas, and some of his servants are to be in the
house by the end of next week."

"What is his name?"

"Bingley."

"Is he married or single?"

"Oh! Single, my dear, to be sure! A single man of large fortune; four or
five thousand a year. What a fine thing for our girls!"

"How so? How can it affect them?"

"My dear Mr. Bennet," replied his wife, "how can yo=
u be so tiresome! You
must know that I am thinking of his marrying one of them."

"Is that his design in settling here?"

"Design! Nonsense, how can you talk so! But it is very likely that he
*may* fall in love with one of them, and therefore you must visit him as soon as he comes."

"I see no occasion for that. You and the girls may go, or you may s=
end them by themselves, which perhaps will be still better, for as you are as
handsome as any of them, Mr. Bingley may like you the best of the party."

"My dear, you flatter me. I certainly *have* had my share of beauty, but I
do not pretend to be anything extraordinary now. When a woman has five
grown-up daughters, she ought to give over thinking of her own beauty."

"In such cases, a woman has not often much beauty to think of."

"But, my dear, you must indeed go and see Mr. Bingley when he comes into
the neighbourhood."

"It is more than I engage for, I assure you."

"But consider your daughters. Only think what an establishment it would be
for one of them. Sir William and Lady Lucas are determined to go, merely on
that account, for in general, you know, they visit no newcomers. Indeed you
must go, for it will be impossible for *us* to visit him if you do not."

"You are over-scrupulous, surely. I dare say Mr. Bingley will be very glad to see you; and I will send a few lines by you to assure him of my hearty
consent to his marrying whichever he chooses of the girls; though I must
throw in a good word for my little Lizzy."

"I desire you will do no such thing. Lizzy is not a bit better than the
others; and I am sure she is not half so handsome as Jane, nor half so
good-humoured as Lydia. But you are always giving *her* the preference."

"They have none of them much to recommend them," replied he; "they are all
silly and ignorant like other girls; but Lizzy has something more of
quickness than her sisters."

"Mr. Bennet, how *can* you abuse your own children in such a way? You take
delight in vexing me. You have no compassion for my poor nerves."

"You mistake me, my dear. I have a high respect for your nerves. They are
my old friends. I have heard you mention them with consideration these last
twenty years at least."

"Ah, you do not know what I suffer."

"But I hope you will get over it, and live to see many young men of four
thousand a year come into the neighbourhood."

"It will be no use to us, if twenty such should come, since you will not
visit them."

"Depend upon it, my dear, that when there are twenty, I will visit them all."

Mr. Bennet was so odd a mixture of quick parts, sarcastic humour, reserve,
and caprice, that the experience of three-and-twenty years had been
insufficient to make his wife understand his character. *Her* mind was less
difficult to develop. She was a woman of mean understanding, little
information, and uncertain temper. When she was discontented, she fancied
herself nervous. The business of her life was to get her daughters married;
its solace was visiting and news.



##### The Water-Finders

WILLOWTON IS IN TROUBLE

Willowton is a village of some seventeen thousand population, large enough
for the inhabitants to talk of "going up the town" when they mean the broad
main street which stands on a gentle slope leading from the railway station
to the church. This street, which is paved at the sides with nice
old-world, ankle-twisting cobbles, boasts of two drapers', a chemist's, a
saddler's, grocer's, and bootmaker's shops. Away in the less aristocratic
parts of the village are the butchers and bakers, and the miscellaneous
stores so dear to the country housewives. About the middle of the town, in
the very widest part, is the bridge, and close to the bridge itself is the
Wild Swan public-house, or rather *hotel*, as it calls itself. The little
stream that runs under the bridge comes along through miles of cool
meadows, now golden with buttercups, for it is May. It comes through many
gardens and orchards, now white with apple blossom; and when it leaves the
bridge it burrows underground for some little distance, and reappears at
the foot of the cottage gardens, to lose itself in pleasant meandering
through more flowery meadows, till it passes out of the ken of Heigham
folks, and out of our story's picture.

It was noon, and the sun was hot and the stream was low. There had been no
rain for several weeks. The March winds had blown the seeds about; the
wheat even drooped in the fields; April had refused her usual showers, and
there was a dry, parched look everywhere while yet it was only May. Three
men hung over the bridge, lazily resting their elbows on the parapet, and
looking down into the water below at a large trout that was lying under a
stone, waiting his opportunity to make his way further upstream to a deeper
pool under the garden bank. Of these three "loafers," as the neighbours
called them, one was a strong, well-built young man of one or
two-and-twenty. His flushed face betrayed the fact that he had already
visited the Wild Swan over the way; his great strong limbs were loosely
knit; his big hands showed little signs of work; his lazy blue eyes looked
as if they had never done anything more harmful or more useful than watch
for trout.

Willowton is a village of some seventeen thousand population, large enough
for the inhabitants to talk of "going up the town" when they mean the broad
main street which stands on a gentle slope leading from the railway station
to the church. This street, which is paved at the sides with nice
old-world, ankle-twisting cobbles, boasts of two drapers', a chemist's, a
saddler's, grocer's, and bootmaker's shops. Away in the less aristocratic
parts of the village are the butchers and bakers, and the miscellaneous
stores so dear to the country housewives. About the middle of the town, in
the very widest part, is the bridge, and close to the bridge itself is the
Wild Swan public-house, or rather *hotel*, as it calls itself. The little
stream that runs under the bridge comes along through miles of cool
meadows, now golden with buttercups, for it is May. It comes through many
gardens and orchards, now white with apple blossom; and when it leaves the
bridge it burrows underground for some little distance, and reappears at
the foot of the cottage gardens, to lose itself in pleasant meandering
through more flowery meadows, till it passes out of the ken of Heigham
folks, and out of our story's picture.


##### Alice's Adventures in Wonderland


Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank,
and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her
sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, "and
what is the use of a book?" thought Alice "without pictures or conversations?"

So she was considering in her own mind (as well as she could, for the hot
day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure of making a
daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and picking the
daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her.

There was nothing so *very* remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it so
*very* much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, 'Oh dear! Oh
dear! I shall be late!' (when she thought it over afterwards, it occurred
to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the time it all
seemed quite natural); but when the Rabbit actually *took a watch out of
its waistcoat-pocket*, and looked at it, and then hurried on, Alice started
to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had never before seen
a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to take out of it, and
burning with curiosity, she ran across the field after it, and fortunately
was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.

In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how in
the world she was to get out again.

The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then
dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think
about stopping herself before she found herself falling down a very deep
well.

Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had plenty
of time as she went down to look about her and to wonder what was going to
happen next. First, she tried to look down and make out what she was coming
to, but it was too dark to see anything; then she looked at the sides of
the well, and noticed that they were filled with cupboards and
book-shelves; here and there she saw maps and pictures hung upon pegs. She
took down a jar from one of the shelves as she passed; it was labelled
'ORANGE MARMALADE', but to her great disappointment it was empty: she did
not like to drop the jar for fear of killing somebody, so managed to put it
into one of the cupboards as she fell past it.

'Well!' thought Alice to herself, 'after such a fall as this, I shall think
nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they'll all think me at home!
Why, I wouldn't say anything about it, even if I fell off the top of the
house!' (Which was very likely true.)

Down, down, down. Would the fall *never* come to an end! 'I wonder how many miles I've fallen by this time?' she said aloud. 'I must be getting
somewhere near the centre of the earth. Let me see: that would be four
thousand miles down, I think,' (for, you see, Alice had learnt several
things of this sort in her lessons in the schoolroom, and though this was
not a *very* good opportunity for showing off her knowledge, as there was
no one to listen to her, still it was good practice to say it over) 'yes,
that's about the right distance, but then I wonder what Latitude or
Longitude I've got to?' (Alice had no idea what Latitude was, or Longitude
either, but thought they were nice grand words to say.)

Presently she began again. 'I wonder if I shall fall right *through
* the earth! How funny it'll seem to come out among the people that walk with
their heads downward! The Antipathies, I think,' (she was rather glad there *was* no one listening, this time, as it didn't sound at all the right word) '=E2=80=94but I shall have to ask them what the name of the country is, you
know. Please, Ma'am, is this New Zealand or Australia?' (and she tried to
curtsey as she spoke=E2=80=94fancy *curtseying* as you're falling through the air! Do you think you could manage it?) 'And what an ignorant little girl she'll
think me for asking! No, it'll never do to ask: perhaps I shall see it
written up somewhere.'

Down, down, down. There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon began talking
again. 'Dinah'll miss me very much to-night, I should think!' (Dinah was
the cat.) 'I hope they'll remember her saucer of milk at tea-time. Dinah my
dear! I wish you were down here with me! There are no mice in the air, I'm
afraid, but you might catch a bat, and that's very like a mouse, you know.
But do cats eat bats, I wonder?' And here Alice began to get rather sleepy,
and went on saying to herself, in a dreamy sort of way, 'Do cats eat bats?
Do cats eat bats?' and sometimes, 'Do bats eat cats?' for, you see, as she
couldn't answer either question, it didn't much matter which way she put
it. She felt that she was dozing off, and had just begun to dream that she
was walking hand in hand with Dinah, and saying to her very earnestly,
'Now, Dinah, tell me the truth: did you ever eat a bat?' when suddenly,
thump! thump! down she came upon a heap of sticks and dry leaves, and the
fall was over.

Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a moment: she
looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another long
passage, and the White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down it. There
was not a moment to be lost: away went Alice like the wind, and was just in
time to hear it say, as it turned a corner, 'Oh my ears and whiskers, how
late it's getting!' She was close behind it when she turned the corner, but
the Rabbit was no longer to be seen: she found herself in a long, low hall,
which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging from the roof.

There were doors all round the hall, but they were all locked; and when
Alice had been all the way down one side and up the other, trying every
door, she walked sadly down the middle, wondering how she was ever to get
out again.

Suddenly she came upon a little three-legged table, all made of solid
glass; there was nothing on it except a tiny golden key, and Alice's first
thought was that it might belong to one of the doors of the hall; but,
alas! either the locks were too large, or the key was too small, but at any
rate it would not open any of them. However, on the second time round, she
came upon a low curtain she had not noticed before, and behind it was a
little door about fifteen inches high: she tried the little golden key in
the lock, and to her great delight it fitted!

Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small passage, not much
larger than a rat-hole: she knelt down and looked along the passage into
the loveliest garden you ever saw. How she longed to get out of that dark
hall, and wander about among those beds of bright flowers and those cool
fountains, but she could not even get her head through the doorway; 'and
even if my head would go through,' thought poor Alice, 'it would be of very
little use without my shoulders. Oh, how I wish I could shut up like a
telescope! I think I could, if I only knew how to begin.' For, you see, so
many out-of-the-way things had happened lately, that Alice had begun to
think that very few things indeed were really impossible.

There seemed to be no use in waiting by the little door, so she went back
to the table, half hoping she might find another key on it, or at any rate
a book of rules for shutting people up like telescopes: this time she found
a little bottle on it, ('which certainly was not here before,' said Alice,)
and round the neck of the bottle was a paper label, with the words 'DRINK
ME' beautifully printed on it in large letters.

It was all very well to say 'Drink me,' but the wise little Alice was not
going to do *that* in a hurry. 'No, I'll look first,' she said, 'and see
whether it's marked "*poison*" or not'; for she had read several nice
little histories about children who had got burnt, and eaten up by wild
beasts and other unpleasant things, all because they *would* not remember
the simple rules their friends had taught them: such as, that a red-hot
poker will burn you if you hold it too long; and that if you cut your
finger *very* deeply with a knife, it usually bleeds; and she had never
forgotten that, if you drink much from a bottle marked 'poison,' it is almost certain to disagree with you, sooner or later.

However, this bottle was *not* marked 'poison,' so Alice ventured to taste
it, and finding it very nice, (it had, in fact, a sort of mixed flavour of
cherry-tart, custard, pine-apple, roast turkey, toffee, and hot buttered
toast,) she very soon finished it off.


##### The Yellow Wallpaper


It is very seldom that mere ordinary people like John and myself secure
ancestral halls for the summer.

A colonial mansion, a hereditary estate, I would say a haunted house, and
reach the height of romantic felicity, but that would be asking too much of
fate!

Still I will proudly declare that there is something queer about it.

Else, why should it be let so cheaply? And why have stood so long
untenanted?

John laughs at me, of course, but one expects that in marriage.

John is practical in the extreme. He has no patience with faith, an intense
horror of superstition, and he scoffs openly at any talk of things not to
be felt and seen and put down in figures.

John is a physician, and PERHAPS (I would not say it to a living soul, of course, but this is dead paper and a great relief to my mind) PERHAPS that is one reason I do not get well faster.

You see he does not believe I am sick!

And what can one do?

If a physician of high standing, and one's own husband, assures friends and
relatives that there is really nothing the matter with one but temporary
nervous depression, a slight hysterical tendency, what is one to do?

My brother is also a physician, and also of high standing, and he says the
same thing.
